{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red93\green103\blue112;\red0\green173\blue188;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red118\green101\blue160;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c36471\c40392\c43922;\csgenericrgb\c0\c67843\c73725;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c0\c0;
\csgenericrgb\c46275\c39608\c62745;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}}
\vieww12240\viewh14200\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf2 Name(s)__________________________________________ Period _______ Date _____________________\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalc \clcbpat3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf4 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf4 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf4 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf4 \clpadl0 \clpadr0 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalc \clcbpat3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf4 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf4 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf4 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf4 \clpadl0 \clpadr0 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalc \clcbpat3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf4 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf4 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf4 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf4 \clpadl0 \clpadr0 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf1 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf1 Practice PT Overview and Rubric - Improve Your App\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs20 \cf2 \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs24 \cf5 Background\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf2 \
We have reached the end of the programming unit! Congrats! This means you have a solid foundation in programming and hopefully feel ready to try your hand at something creative of your own choosing. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \
As a way to wrap up the unit, we are going to practice for the AP
\fs18 \'ae
\fs20  Create Performance Task. This will be something you need to complete at the end of the course with very minimal assistance from a teacher, so by practicing now, you can get used to the process of completing the work necessary for the AP Create Performance Task.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li11\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf2 You will submit this project and write responses to the reflection questions in the style of the AP Create Performance Task. The document below has been constructed to mimic the AP Create Performance Task. Some but not all of the language is pulled directly from the AP document. Some of the prompts have been modified slightly or simply omitted for clarity and to better fit the project.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li11\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb300\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs24 \cf5 Overview\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs20 \cf2 \
Programming is a collaborative and creative process that brings ideas to life through the development of software. Programs can help solve problems, enable innovations, or express personal interests. In this Performance Task, you will be 
\b developing a program which builds on or extends ideas found in a previous project
\b0 . Your development process should include iteratively designing, implementing, and testing your program. You are strongly encouraged to work with another student in your class.\
\
Please note that once this performance task has been assigned as an assessment (rather than as practice), you are expected to complete the task with minimal assistance from anyone other than your collaborative partner. A collaborative partner can be someone working on the same project or a different project. They are just another set of eyes to provide feedback. 
\b Try to use your classmates as resources as much as possible during this practice, in order to get used to this process.\

\b0 \
You will be provided class time
\b  
\b0 to complete and submit the following:\
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \uc0\u9679 	A video of your program running\
\uc0\u9679 	Written responses about your program and development process\
\uc0\u9679 	Program Code\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \
Your teacher will share submission guidelines that include suggestions for creating video and PDF files.  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb300\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs24 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf5 Project Description\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs20 \cf2 \
You are going to create a project of your own design. It is strongly suggested that you pick one of the previous programs you created and build on it. However if you want to take inspiration from a past project and start something new, that is all right as well. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1890\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1890\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 Here is a list of all the past projects and some of the \'93mini apps"you have worked on to help you in getting started:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1890\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri1890\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1890\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\b \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 You may work alone or in pairs, but some 
\b large part of the final program must be your own,
\b0  as you will have to write about the work you did by yourself. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\b \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 You will 
\b submit your own project and written reflection,
\b0  but you can receive help and advice from classmates.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb200\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs24 \cf5 General Requirements\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs20 \cf2 \
This performance task requires you to develop a program on a topic that interests you or one that solves a problem. It is strongly recommended that a portion of the program involve some form of collaboration with another student in your class. Your program development process must involve a significant portion of work completed independently that requires a significant level of planning, designing, and program development. \
\
You are required to:\
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \uc0\u9679 	Iteratively design, implement, and test your program.  \
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 \uc0\u9679 	Independently create at least one significant part of your program. \
\uc0\u9679 	Create a video that displays the running of your program and demonstrates its functionality. \
\uc0\u9679 	Write responses to questions about your program. \
\uc0\u9679 	Include your entire program code.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs24 \cf5 Programming Requirements
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li371\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0\fs20 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 Your program must demonstrate a variety of capabilities and implement several different language features that, when combined, produce a result that cannot easily be accomplished without computing tools and techniques. Your program should draw upon mathematical and logical concepts, such as use of numbers, variables, mathematical expressions with arithmetic operators, logical and Boolean operators and expressions, decision statements, iteration, and/or collections.   \
\
Your program must demonstrate: \
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf2 \uc0\u9679 	Use of several effectively integrated mathematical and logical concepts, from the language you are using.\
\uc0\u9679 	Implementation of an algorithm that integrates other algorithms and integrates mathematical and/or logical concepts.\
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf5 \uc0\u9679 	
\f0\fs20 \cf2 Development and use of abstractions to manage the complexity of your program (e.g., procedures; abstractions provided by the programming language; APIs).
\f1\b\fs24 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf5 Submission Requirements\
\pard\pardeftab720\li371\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f0\fs20 \cf2 1. Video \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 Submit one video in .mp4, .wmv, .avi, or .mov format that demonstrates the running of at least one significant feature of your program. Your video must not exceed 1 minute in length and must not exceed 30MB in size. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\b \cf2 2. Written Responses\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 Submit one PDF document in which you respond directly to each prompt. Clearly label your responses 2a \'96 2e in order. Your response to all prompts combined must not exceed 750 words, exclusive of the Program Code. (The 750 words does not include the code you wrote for your program.)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\b \cf2 Program Purpose and Development \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 a.
\b  Identify the programming language 
\b0 and 
\b identify the purpose of your program
\b0 .  
\b Explain your video
\b0  using one of the following: \
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf2 \uc0\u9679 	A 
\b written summary
\b0  of what the video illustrates 
\b OR\
\ls6\ilvl0
\b0 \uc0\u9679 	An 
\b audio narration
\b0  in your video. If you choose this option, your response to the written summary should read, \'93The explanation is located in the video.\'94 (Approximately 150 words) \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf2 \
b.
\b  Describe the incremental and iterative development process of your program, focusing on two distinct points
\b0  in that process. Describe the 
\b difficulties and/or opportunities
\b0  you encountered and how they were resolved or incorporated. In your description, clearly indicate whether the development described was 
\b collaborative or independent
\b0 . 
\b At least one of these points must refer to independent program development;
\b0  the second could refer to either collaborative or independent program development. (Approximately 200 words)        \
\
c. 
\b Capture and paste the program code segment that implements an algorithm 
\b0 (marked with an oval in 2e below) that is
\b  fundamental for your program
\b0  to achieve its intended purpose. Your code segment must include an 
\b algorithm that integrates other algorithms
\b0  and integrates 
\b mathematical and/or logical concepts. 
\b0 Describe how each algorithm within your selected algorithm functions independently, as well as in combination with others, to form a new algorithm that helps to achieve the intended purpose of the program. \
(Approximately 200 words)\
\
d. 
\b Capture and paste the program code segment that contains an abstraction you developed 
\b0 (marked with a rectangle in 2e below). Your abstraction should integrate mathematical and logical concepts. 
\b Explain how your abstraction helped manage the complexity of your program.
\b0  (Approximately 200 words) \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0
\b \cf2 Program Code\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 e. Capture and paste your entire program code into the PDF.\
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 \uc0\u9679 	Mark with an 
\b oval
\b0  the segment of program code that implements the algorithm you created for your program that integrates other algorithms and integrates mathematical and /or logical concepts.\
\uc0\u9679 	Mark with a
\b  rectangle 
\b0 the segment of program code that represents an 
\b abstraction
\b0  you developed. \
\uc0\u9679 	
\b Include comments or citations for program code that has been written by someone else.
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b0\fs12 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\fs20 \cf2 \
\
\
Name(s)_____________________________________________ Period _______ Date _____________________\
\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalc \clcbpat3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf4 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf4 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf4 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf4 \clpadl0 \clpadr0 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalc \clcbpat3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf4 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf4 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf4 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf4 \clpadl0 \clpadr0 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalc \clcbpat3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf4 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf4 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf4 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf4 \clpadl0 \clpadr0 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs36 \cf1 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf1 Rubric - Improve Your App\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\li4076\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs20 \cf2 \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 \
\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b \cf2 Component\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 3\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 Score\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clcbpat2 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clcbpat2 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clcbpat2 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clcbpat2 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clcbpat2 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf1 Video\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b0 \cf1 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf1 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf1 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf1 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b \cf2 Video Format\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 Video is not .mp4, .wmv, .avi, or .mov format. The video is longer than 1 minute in length. The video is greater than 30MB.\
\
\
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 Some of the following criteria are met: Video is .mp4, .wmv, .avi, or .mov format. The video is less than a minute in length. The video is less than 30MB in size.\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 Video is .mp4, .wmv, .avi, or .mov format. The video is less than a minute in length. The video is less than 30MB in size.\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b \cf2 Demonstrates Significant Feature\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 Video does not demonstrate how the program works or the main features of the program.\
\
\
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 Video gives a general demonstration of how the program works and the main features of the program but does not show many details.\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 Video gives in-depth demonstration of how the program works and the main features of the program.\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clcbpat2 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clcbpat2 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clcbpat2 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clcbpat2 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clcbpat2 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b \cf1 Planning Document\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b0 \cf1 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf1 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf1 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf1 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b \cf2 Project Design\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 The description and/or sketch/digital image of the design are simplistic and lacking in details. Not enough information is given to realistically build a program from.\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 The description and/or sketch/digital image are limited in details. While it might be possible to program from the design, there are too many details missing for the programming task to be easy.\
\
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 The description and/or sketch/digital image are rich in details. A programmer would have few questions and find it easy to work from this design.\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b \cf2 Feedback Guide\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 The feedback guides are incomplete. The feedback given is not detailed and does not reference the rubric.\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 There is some detailed feedback on the feedback guides but it does not reference the rubric. \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 A complete copy of the feedback guide is completed for student and collaborative partner.   In-depth feedback is given and the rubric is referenced to support feedback. \
\
\
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clcbpat2 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b \cf1 Individual Written Responses\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b \cf2 Format of Written Response\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 Written responses are not submitted in a PDF. The length of the responses exceeds 750 words. The responses are not labeled. The responses are not in order. The student did not write \'93the explanation is located in the video\'94 when they answered question (a) in the video narration.\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 Some of the following criteria are met: Written responses are submitted in a PDF document. The length of the responses is less than 750 words in length.  The responses are labeled and in order. If the answer to question (a) is included as video narration, then on the written response, the student wrote \'93the explanation is located in the video.\'94\
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 Written responses are submitted in a PDF document. The length of the responses is less than 750 words in length.  The responses are labeled and in order. If the answer to question (a) is included as video narration, then on the written response, the student wrote \'93the explanation is located in the video.\'94\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b \cf2 a. Program Purpose\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 The write-up or video does not identify the programming language or does not identify the purpose of the program.\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 The video identifies the programming language but does not describe in detail what the purpose of the program is.\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 The write-up or video narration identifies the programming language. The write-up or video narration identifies in detail the purpose of the program.\
  \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b \cf2 b. Program Development \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 The response gives very few details about the incremental and iterative development process of the program.\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 The response gives some details about the incremental and iterative development process of the program.\
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 The response fully describes the incremental and iterative development process of the program. \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b \cf2 b. Two Focus Points\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 The program development overview highlights one distinct point in that process. The description indicates whether the development described was collaborative or independent but does not give many details. \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 The program development overview highlights two distinct points in that process. The description indicates whether the developments described were collaborative or independent but does not give many details. At least one of the points referred to is independent program development.\
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 The program development overview focuses on two distinct points in that process. The description clearly indicates whether the developments described were collaborative or independent. At least one of the points referred to is independent program development.\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b \cf2 b. Difficulties and Opportunities\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 The response gives very minimal description of the difficulties and/or opportunities encountered and how they were resolved or incorporated.\
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 The response describes the difficulties and/or opportunities encountered and how they were resolved or incorporated but lacks details. \
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 The response fully describes the difficulties and/or opportunities encountered and how they were resolved or incorporated.\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b \cf2 c. Complex Algorithm\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 The write-up DOES NOT include a program code segment \
show an algorithm that integrates two or more algorithms and integrates mathematical and/or logical concepts\
\
In the full program code, the complex algorithm code segment is marked with an oval.\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 The write-up includes a program code segment \
show an algorithm that integrates two or more algorithms and integrates mathematical and/or logical concepts\
\
In the full program code, the code segment is NOT marked with an oval.  \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 The write-up includes a program code segment \
show an algorithm that integrates two or more algorithms and integrates mathematical and/or logical concepts\
\
In the full program code, the code segment is marked with an oval.\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b \cf2 c. Explain Complexity\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 The write-up provides a correct line\uc0\u8208  by\u8208 line summary of the selected algorithm OR a minimal description of an algorithm.\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 The write-up identifies the algorithm\'92s purpose in the program and accurately describes how the algorithm serves to achieve this purpose.\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 The write-up identifies the algorithm\'92s purpose in the program and accurately describes how at least two of the algorithms function independently as well as in combination to create a new algorithm to achieve the program\'92s purpose.\
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b \cf2 c. Mathematical and Logical Concepts\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 The write-up explains with very few details the mathematical and logical concepts used to develop the algorithm. \
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 The write-up explains with a few details the mathematical and logical concepts used to develop the algorithm. \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 The write-up describes in detail the mathematical and logical concepts used to develop the algorithm.\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b \cf2 d. Abstraction Code Segment\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 In the full program code, the abstraction code segment is marked with a rectangle but the write-up does not include a program code segment showing the section of the code that implements an abstraction. \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 The write-up includes a program code segment that contains an abstraction developed by the programmer.  However the abstraction is NOT marked by a rectangle in the full program code.\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 The write-up includes a program code segment that contains an abstraction developed by the programmer.  The abstraction is marked by a rectangle in the full program code.\
\
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b \cf2 d. Explain Abstraction\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 The write-up explains with few details how the abstraction helped manage the complexity of the program.\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 The write-up explains in some detail how the abstraction helped manage the complexity of the program.\
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 The write-up explains in detail how the abstraction helped manage the complexity of the program. \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf0 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b \cf2 e. Site Code\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 Includes few comments or citations for program code that has been written by someone else. Includes few comments or citations of program code written before start of the project.\
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 Includes some comments or citations for program code that has been written by someone else. Includes some comments or citations of program code written before start of the project.
\b \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 Includes comments or citations for program code that has been written by someone else. Includes comments or citations of program code written before start of the project.\
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 \
}